doc: add minutes 31 May 2023 (#1395)
nodejs/TSC: meetings/2023-05-31.md

# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-05-31

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yasGF32c_A>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1394>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* James Snell @jasnell (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)

> * Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)

Reviewer: Although arrived very late, @tniessen was at the meeting.

```suggestion
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Tobias Nießen @tniessen (voting member)
```

# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2023-05-31

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yasGF32c_A>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1394>

## Present

* Antoine du Hamel @aduh95 (voting member)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (voting member)
* Gireesh Punathil @gireeshpunathil (voting member)
* James Snell @jasnell (voting member)
* Chengzhong Wu @legendecas (voting member)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (voting member)
* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS (voting member)
* Darshan Sen @RaisinTen (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Rich Trott @Trott (voting member)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* CLI tools behind a Nodejs namespace [#1178](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1178)
  * Asked danielleadams in the issue if that now that we have node-core what are the next steps and does this still need to be on the TSC agenda.

### nodejs/admin

* Allow integration: from Github to Slack [#799](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/799)
  * Richard - request from build for integrations into slack
  * Discussed in TSC today, no concerns, Richard will click the button.

## Strategic Initiatives

* Antoine - Not update this week.
* Quic/HTTPs - James, making progress more PRs have landed, will be a number more incremental ones, will be getting smaller in size.
* Next-10
  * hoping to get, data for recent survey into Next-10 repo in next week
  * Have reached out to some newsletter in context of - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/doc/contributing/sharing-project-news.md>, will be good if we start adding news more regularly now.
  * Working on serverless deep dive session planned for June 22nd. If you know people who would be interested please at mention in <https://github.com/nodejs/next-10/issues/200> or let us know so we can contact them

> * SEA - Darshan - open PR to cash byte code for SEA - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48191>, updates tooling to bungle in byte code instead of JavaScript.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* SEA - Darshan - open PR to cache byte code for SEA - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48191>, updates tooling to bundle in byte code along with JavaScript.
```

> * SEA - Darshan - open PR to cache byte code for SEA - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48191>, updates tooling to bundle in byte code along with JavaScript.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* SEA - Darshan - open PR to cache byte code for SEA - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/48191>, updates tooling to bundle in byte code along with JavaScript to improve the startup performance of the SEA.
```
